# BakerFi Documentation

## What is BakerFi ?
BakerFi is a fully non-custodial application for managing leveraged staking strategies in various DeFi lending protocols to amplify generated by users’ assets (ETH, DAI, GHO, among others).

Traditional staking providers typically offer APYs around 3-4% on ETH. In contrast, BakerFi’s strategy enables users to potentially more than double this yield to approximately 8% under current market conditions. 😱

BakerFi stands out as a unique product with a distinctive approach to the market. It employs singular strategies designed to empower any regular user to execute sophisticated and well-orchestrated DeFi strategies, optimizing returns on their capital. The product achieves this through two key pillars.

Firstly, it simplifies the intricate configurations essential for deploying DeFi strategies, abstracting them from the end user and ensuring ease of use, even for those with limited experience in DeFi.

Orchestrating a lucrative DeFi strategy requires some deep research and some level of expertise to make it sucess.

Secondly, it deploys strategies using global configurations, controlled by protocol, thereby reducing risks for the users and minimizing their exposure to market turmoils and black-swan scenarios. 🦢

Apart from the configurations used in the strategies, our DAO core team will conduct a deep analysis of the historical performance of the strategies and only introduce strategies with limited and low risk.

## Defi Legos integrated

**BakerFi** to operate, it integrates with several decentralized protocols to achieve its maximum efficiency, namely:

- Liquid staking providers such as Lido, Stader, Frax, or any other available staking service, that allow the possibility to achieve the standard yield for the user;
- Lending and borrowing providers such as Aave, Morpho, Compound, Ajna, and others allow recursive borrowing and staking within the protocol;
- DEXes and swapping services such as Uniswap, 1inch, Balancer,  Curve, and others to be able to swap between tokens, collateral, debt tokens, among others.

The modular smart contract design allows the system to easily integrate with DeFi protocols that provide liquidity and security to our staking strategies.

The Liquidation Protection is the protocol mechanism that ensures the redistribution of balances to prevent a lending liquidation on Aave, when the LTV goes beyond the rate limit defined by the DAO.

[BakerFi Architecture!](architecture.png "BakerFi Architecture")